---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "dagster_code_location Resource - dagster"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Code Location resource
---

# dagster_code_location (Resource)

Code Location resource

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "dagster_code_location" "example" {
  name  = "code_location_example"
  image = "python:3.13"
  code_source = {
    python_file = "my_python_file.py"
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `code_source` (Attributes) Code Location code source (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--code_source))
- `name` (String) Code Location name.

### Optional

- `agent_queue` (String) Code Location agent queue
- `attribute` (String) Code Location attribute
- `executable_path` (String) Code Location executable path
- `git` (Attributes) Code Location git. Git or Image is a required field (mutually exclusive). (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--git))
- `image` (String) Docker image URL to use. Must be specified if `git` is not defined.
- `working_directory` (String) Code Location working directory

<a id="nestedatt--code_source"></a>
### Nested Schema for `code_source`

Optional:

- `module_name` (String) Name of the Python module from which to load definitions. Exactly one of `module_name`, `package_name` or `python_file` is required.
- `package_name` (String) Name of the Python package from which to load definitions. Exactly one of `module_name`, `package_name` or `python_file` is required.
- `python_file` (String) Name of the Python file from which to load definitions. Exactly one of `module_name`, `package_name` or `python_file` is required.


<a id="nestedatt--git"></a>
### Nested Schema for `git`

Required:

- `commit_hash` (String) Code Location git commit hash. If git is specified, `commit_hash` is required.
- `url` (String) Code Location git URL. If git is specified, `url` is required.
